Inline Redux `Action` type to avoid dependency on Redux (#2270)
redux-saga/redux-saga: .changeset/silly-dogs-compete.md

---
"@redux-saga/types": patch
---

> Inline Redux `Action` type to avoid dependency on Redux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inlined Redux `Action` type to fix compatibility with strict package managers.
```
